The eye in its movement follows the movement of
corticalization.
This brain, it was just a tissue, like this phone, quite flat.
And it will change.
I imagine someone lying on the table and I have their brain in my hand.
And I'm redoing its developmental mapping.
First information, it's an expansion.
It swells.
Tissue formation.
Neural, cephalic flexion movement,
followed by a cervical flexion movement, followed
by a pontine development movement, followed
by a telencephalization process, change
of orientation.
The brain that was going that way, my eyes that were here, at the moment when
it straightens up, telencephalization process, the little balls there do this.
So they follow the movement of the brain's development in its growth, straightening.
So the eye contains in its spiral, in its...
development, the information
of your corticalization.
Do you understand? In its movement.
The moment I have this straightening,
I have all
the tissue that comes here and does this.
In a rotational movement
So it's the bringing together
towards my third median line.
Where I have the tissue below
that pulls, the heart,
the digestive system,
and above, it does
well, if I stretch all the material, it comes towards the center, but what created this
movement, the ascension of my brain and the descent
of the cardio-visceral, the eye follows
the phenomenon of corticalization and that will develop the falx cerebri, the tentorium of the
cerebellum because the tentorium of the cerebellum comes to insert on the clinoid processes in front
you see, like that, tac
and in fact, pay attention, what's happening
right there, I have the optic chiasm
and we're going to add an element
that you don't know
it's the diaphragm of balance
I'll tell you about a capsule
called Tenon's capsule
which will connect the eye
or there anyway
the whole eye system
to the entire periphery
it's connected to all the fascia of your body
body. This means that the eye is a unit in
its totality. It contains all
the fascial information. That's why the eye, in fact, here, receives
all the
emotional, psychic information, which is conveyed by hormonal
and even fascial substances. So the psychic state is a hormonal state, so
an
astral state.
So a purely emotional state.
Treating the eye means treating the development, both peritoneal,
peripheral or cortical.
The eye is in relation with the totality of the body in its developmental phase,
in its expression.
This is important because we're going to do a practice.
The eye always looks at the emotional lesion.
And we'll see that each organ has its own point of view.
Look, it was a symbol.
Around the 26th day, we don't see it, there's already an optic groove here,
you see.
This optic groove is linked to a just acrine connection that comes from
the inside through this vesicle
which comes to tickle the superficial wall.
Then we have cephalic flexion, cervical flexion.
The meeting of the brain with the heart.
heart, with the eye that will come to rest
on the heart here, by the ascension
of my neural tube and the descent,
that will create a posterior fold.
And this fold will be
what we call the third curvature,
which we call the pontine curvature.
In this pontine curvature, that's where
you have the cerebellum
and the tentorium cerebelli that will develop.
So it's very primary,
ultimately, this tentorium cerebelli.
All the synchronicities with the peritoneum
and the brain.
There are points of support.
The submesencephalic flexure, so the first cervical flexion, will be in
relation with the tip of the notochord.
So an axis of support, a reference point.
Secondly, the supraocciput, we see here that it will be in relation with the cervical flexion.
So my occiput or the supraocciput will be the expression of this flexion in its architecture.
If you want, all that is the pontine flexure, it will be with the
occipital base and all that is presphenoid will be in relation
with the telencephalic curvature, like this.
So, tip
of my notochord, supraocciput, occipital base.
We're going to see what's going to happen, you see, for example, in the ascending phase
of my neural tube,
what development will it have on the digestive system?
What will happen at the cardiac level?
What will happen in all these developmental spaces?
All the colocalities and synchronicities during morphogenesis.
And there, we begin to understand the points of support.
The ascension of the ectoderm and the descent of the endoderm,
that's what will integrate the establishment of my brain.
And this establishment of my brain, that's where the eye will follow,
in fact, simply this phase, between I grow like this,
and I straighten up that way.
And in this phase, I have all the material that comes here,
and the eye that is here, that was there.
see on a small film that comes closer to my median line to first form the
crista galli which will do the same thing at the level of the
union of my two membranes to form
my falx cerebri which follows the movement like this. Tentorium
cerebelli it was already busy
forming during the phenomenon of pontization and then continuity with my
falx cerebelli, you see.
All the way down, through the ligamentum and the thread that
goes all the way down.
At the same time it does this and at the same time behind it does like that.
This is really important because in this process of brain ascensus,
I will have the placement towards my median line here of my eyes
and we see in fact that the point of support, the terminal fulcrum
of the placement of the eyes,
is...
palate. So, if you want to rebalance the eyes correctly,
you put a finger
in the mouth, the small cruciform suture here, the two eyes find their space
at
the moment I have the suture that has taken its place. It's a very important fulcrum for
all the eyeballs, the frontal margin, the zygomatic margin
and the superior maxillary margin.
superior.
on the eyeball very gently.
Or I take support on the maxilla
or on the different parts.
It's the ascent and descent
that cause the median line
to close anteriorly. That's how your palate closes.
And when the palate
has found its point of support here,
your eyes have found their point of support.
It's an arrival fulcrum.
There are starting fulcrums
and arrival fulcrums.